Fix post-4.9.1 accessibility issues (#3287)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: docs/ACCESSIBILITY.md

Lastly, we style the "New messages" separator like a normal button, styled it to float on top of the transcript, and added `click` and `keypress` event listener for <kbd>ENTER</kbd> and <kbd>SPACEBAR</kbd> key for [activation](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/#button).

## UX: Message ordering

### User story

Azure Bot Services is a distributed system and message order is not guaranteed. Web Chat use insertion sort based on the timestamp to order messages.

> Messages with a latter timestamp may arrive sooner than messages with a former timestamp. Thus, messages with latter timestamp could appear on the screen first. Then, messages with a former timestamp will get inserted before it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Messages with a newer timestamp may arrive before messages with an older timestamp. Thus, messages with a newer timestamp could appear on the screen first. Then, messages with an older timestamp will get inserted before it.
```

Author: Thank you. This is always something I struggle when reading English: why sometimes people use former/latter? Is it only good for referencing things in the current article? E.g. "the former section told you ABC, the latter section told you XYZ."

Reviewer: Yea, typically 'former' and 'latter' refer to something previously mentioned.

> Because the time between the insertion is usually very short (adjacent packet in a Web Socket connection), users may not see the insertion visually. But screen reader always read messages in the order they appear on the screen, regardless of their positions in the DOM tree. Thus, message order could be confusing to users who relies on screen reader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the time between the insertion is usually very short (adjacent packet in a Web Socket connection), users may not see the insertion visually. But the screen reader always reads the messages in the order they appear on the screen, regardless of their positions in the DOM tree. Thus, the message order could be confusing to users who rely on the screen reader.
```

![Direct Line sequence diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/master/docs/media/direct-line-sequence-diagram.png)

### Implementations

We will rectify message order using the `replyToId` property.

> `replyToId` is a property set by the Bot Framework SDK and it references the activity the bot is replying to. Web Chat use the `replyToId` property as a hint when rectifying message order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`replyToId` is a property set by the Bot Framework SDK and it references the activity the bot is replying to. Web Chat uses the `replyToId` property as a hint when rectifying the message order.
```

> -  When a message with a `replyToId` property arrive, Web Chat will check if it received the activity with the specified ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  When a message with a `replyToId` property arrives, Web Chat will check if it received the activity with the specified ID:
```

   -  If an activity were received with the specified ID, Web Chat will render the activity immediately
   -  If no activities were received with the specified ID, Web Chat will wait up to 5 seconds for the referencing activity to arrive
      -  If the activity arrive within 5 seconds, Web Chat will render the activity in the same render loop
      -  If the activity did not arrive within 5 seconds, Web Chat will render the activity
-  When a message without a `replyToId` property arrive, Web Chat will render the activity immediately

## UX: Live region transcript

### User story

> In a [live region](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#live_region_roles), it is difficult to control which part to be read or excluded from the screen reader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a [live region](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#live_region_roles), it is difficult to control which part is read or excluded from the screen reader.
```

> And sometimes, browser or screen reader could be buggy on how the live region is getting read. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, browsers and screen readers can be inconsistent on reading the live region. For example:
```

Author: When I slack for a bit, my English turns really bad. 🤦🏻‍♂️

Reviewer: Hahaha it happens

-  [Chromium bug #910669](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=910669)
-  [Chromium bug #1067257](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=1067257)
-  [Android TalkBack bug #157888765](https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/157888765)

### Implementation

To make the live region more consistent across browsers and easier to control, we separated the live region from the visible transcript:

-  Two copies of transcript
   -  Visible, rich, dynamic, and interactive transcript

>    -  Screen reader only transcript marked as live region

Reviewer: Think you're missing a work here. The screen reader only reads the?

```suggestion
   -  Screen reader only transcript marked as live region
```

>       -  Attachment contents will not be narrated: attachments can be customized and the DOM tree could be very complex with interactive elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  Web Chat does not narrate attachment contents: attachments can be customized and the DOM tree could be very complex with interactive elements
```

> -  The live region contains recently arrived activities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The live region contains activities that were recently
```

>    -  When the DOM element appear in the live region, screen reader will compute the alternative text and queue it for narration in a first-come-first-serve manner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  When the DOM element appear in the live region, the screen reader will compute the alternative text and queue it for narration in a first-come-first-serve manner
```

>    -  Screen reader will keep the alternative text in the queue even after the DOM element is removed from the live region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  The screen reader will keep the alternative text in the queue even after the DOM element is removed from the live region
```

> -  One second after the activity is rendered in the live region, Web Chat will remove it from the live region, this has a few benefits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  One second after the activity is rendered in the live region, Web Chat will remove it from the live region. This has a few benefits:
```

   -  Workaround some browser and screen reader bugs that may keep repeating the entire transcript

>    -  Screen reader users will not be able to navigate into it and they will not notice there are 2 copies of the transcript

Reviewer: Replace 'it' with what it is referring to. The transcript? 

```suggestion
   -  The screen reader users will not be able to navigate into it and they will not notice there are 2 copies of the transcript
```

   -  If the removal is too fast:
      -  0-100 ms: Chrome and TalkBack on Android may miss some of the activities

>       -  One second is chosen after some experiments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  The development team settled on using one second after some experimentation
```
